Terms & Conditions
1. General
1.1 Hey H&M friend, welcome to our terms and conditions! We are so happy you've made it here. This may not be the most exciting document you'll ever read, but it is important to establish what you can expect from us and what we expect from you. And just to be clear, when we say "us", "we" or " H&M", we mean H&M Hennes & Mauritz Retail Private Limited .

1.2 These terms and conditions apply when you place an order with us via the website www2.hm.com, or our mobile application the H&M App (from now on referred together to as the "Online Store").

1.3 By placing your order you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, or the "Terms" as we will call them from now on. Therefore, please make sure you have read and understood them before ordering. 

1.4. Only persons who can enter into legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 can use and/or transact on the Online Store. Also, meaning that you must be at least 18 years old or above. If you are under 18 years, you may use and/or transact on the Online Store only with the involvement of a parent or a guardian. You must also have a valid email address and a delivery address in India. 

1.5 You may not place an order for corporate, commercial or self-employed activities. We do not issue commercial  Goods and Services Tax (GST) invoices for corporate use.

1.6 H&M wants to provide the best possible online experience. To make this possible we need to ensure that our services runs like a clockwork. You understand and agree not to (i) post, transmit, redistribute, upload, or promote any communications or content that could harm or negatively impact our business, products or services; (ii) act in a manner or employ any device that restricts, impairs, interferes or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the hm.com site, or which impacts the security of the site, or (iii) employ any device or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, script or other device or mechanism (including without limitation spiders, bots, crawlers, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the site, or to copy content from the site. We reserve the right to immediately bar access to the site and close the account of a user who violates any of the provisions of these terms and conditions or whose acts, as per H&M’s understanding, are detrimental to the interests of H&M in any manner. 

1.7 H&M sells its products directly through Online Store and online marketplace (collectively referred to as “Authorized Online Stores”) and not through any other third party(s) or agent(s). You may please contact our Customer Service if you wish to know further details on the Authorized Online Stores.  
H&M does not control, endorse or accept responsibility for any products proposed to be sold or offered to be sold or purchased on the website or any linked sites other than the Authorized Online Stores. H&M makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about and shall not be liable for any transaction through such third partie(s) or agent(s) including representations relating to merchantability, fitness of a product or service for a particular purpose, warranty as to specific products and non-infringement of third party intellectual property rights. Any transactions that you may have with such third partie(s) or agent(s) are at your own risk. H&M also does not accept any responsibility for the usage of the products, fraudulent or illegal activities, non- payment, delivery of the products purchased by you from such third partie(s) or agent(s) .

H&M specifically disclaims any liability with regard to any infringing, illegal,  fake, spurious, duplicate, counterfeit or defective, refurbished products purchased by you from such third party.

1.8 We have the right to amend these Terms, but the Terms that you approve at the time of your purchase will always apply for that particular purchase. Any changes made will be included in the latest published version of the Terms in the Online Store. Changes to the Terms will be effective from the time you accept the Terms, i.e. in connection with you making a new purchase. This means that we might and probably will change our Terms every now and again, so keep on visiting this page to stay up to date. 

2. Prices and delivery charges
2.1 The prices displayed in the Online Store include the applicable statutory tax  /Goods and Services Tax (GST), but do not include delivery charge. In the checkout view, the total cost for your purchase including delivery charge will be displayed.

2.2 Please note that prices in the Online Store can differ from prices in our physical stores.

2.3 The cost for delivery is shown in the checkout view. You can also find more information here. Our standard delivery fee is Rs. 149. If we are unable to deliver your order in full and must make more than one delivery, you will only be charged for the single delivery.

2.4 We may from time to time offer promotions, discount codes, gifts and other offers. Such offers are valid only for the period specified in connection with such offers and on the terms directly associated with them. Offers cannot be combined with other discounts unless expressly stated otherwise in the Online Store. You need to fill in the discount code for the offer before completing the purchase in order to use the offer.

3. Ordering
3.1 Do you want to place an order? Great! This is how you do it. You collect the items you wish to order in your shopping bag using the “Add to bag” button. In the shopping bag view, you can review your order and remove any item you have changed your mind about before proceeding to the checkout. When you place your order by clicking the “Complete purchase” button, you are making a binding offer to purchase the items in the shopping bag. Depending on your selected payment method, further steps may be required to finalise your payment.

3.2 On receipt of your order, we will send you an automatic email confirmation that your order has been placed. Please note that a placed order is an offer and does not constitute a binding contract until the order has been approved by us. If we approve your order, we will send you a shipping confirmation email that includes all relevant information about your order and its delivery. The shipping confirmation email is our approval of your order and the conclusion of our contract. Yay!  

3.3 For various reasons, we may not be able to approve your order. We reserve the right to not approve your order for any 3.3.a. operational, 3.3.b. legal, or 3.3.c. commercial reason. For example, this could be the case if the item you ordered is defect and we have no more items in stock, or in case we suspect that items are being ordered for commercial reselling purposes. If we are unable to approve your order, we will let you know at the earliest opportunity after the automatic email confirmation has been sent, but naturally before we approve your order and send you the shipping confirmation.

3.4 If we have already received payment for an order that is not approved by us, we will attempt to refund the applicable amount using the same method you used to make the payment. If alternative arrangements are necessary for any reason, we will contact you to settle the refund.

4. Payment methods
You can pay for your goods in various ways as set out below. Depending on the payment method you choose, additional costs and terms may apply.

4.1 Payment before or at delivery

Credit card or debit card
You can enter your payment details at the time you place your order using a valid credit or debit card (VISA ,Mastercard,Rupay or such other option(s) as offered at our Online Store). The applicable amount will immediately be debited from your card. H&M reserves the right to check the validity of the credit or debit card, its credit status in relation to the order value and whether the address data of the purchaser is correct. We may refuse orders depending on the result of these checks.

Cash on Delivery
You may choose to pay by cash on delivery upon receipt of the goods, without any additional charges.

EMI
You may choose EMI as a payment method provided by various banks. Additional interest charges are applicable depending on the tenure and amount involved.

UPI 
You may choose to pay your order with UPI. The order value will be debited from the associated bank account when you have placed your order at the checkout page.

NET BANKING
You may choose to pay for your order via net banking. The order value will be debited from the associated bank account when you have placed your order at the checkout page.

4.2 Other
You will receive your receipt/tax invoice in the order delivered e-mail as well as in the order package delivered to you.

4.3 You are requested to see our Privacy Policy to see how your personal information will be used and stored

5. Delivery
5.1 So, when will my order arrive, you wonder? In the checkout view, before placing your order, you will be informed of the  estimated delivery time following our approval of your order. You can also find more information at Delivery Policy . If we approve your order, you will receive a shipping confirmation email containing all relevant information about your order. 
For delivery of products such as larger rugs and furniture from our external H&M HOME range, please allow 5-14 business days. You can find our full shipping and delivery policy here.

5.2 Even though we do our very best to deliver within the communicated time frame, delivery may sometimes take longer due to unexpected events. If your order does not arrive by the estimated time of delivery, please contact Customer Service and they will try their best to help you.

5.3 Sometimes life gets in the way, and you forget to respond to the carrier. That's fine, we've all been there. However, if your order cannot be delivered after 3 attempts, the order shall be returned back to origin. No cost of return will be charged to you. Subsequently, your order amount will be automatically refunded to you in the original form of payment. 

5.4 H&M reserves the right of not delivering the order to you in case of force majeure events, political unrest or other unforeseen circumstances.  

In case a delivery is temporarily not possible for your location or pin code on account of factors mentioned hereinabove, then your order will not be placed on our Online Store, and you will be notified of the same.

Whereas in cases where your order is successfully placed on the Online Store  and subsequently your location or pin code becomes temporarily unserviceable, and incase the order has already been picked up by the delivery partner, then the delivery partner will attempt delivery with extended timelines if the specific dates for delivery are clearly available. However, if there are no specific timelines available, then the parcel will be returned to the origin and the refund process will be initiated.

In case your order is placed and if your location or pin code is not serviceable before the order has been packed, then H&M will cancel your order and notify you through email and a refund shall be initiated to you upon such cancellation.

6. Returns
6.1 Changed your mind? No problem. You have the right to return any or all items in your order for any reason at all, by notifying us and returning the items within 15 days after your receipt of the order.

You can return your order by simply placing a return request on the Online Store.

You can go to My Orders on Your account page, then click on the order you want to return, select the item to be returned and submit the request. After that, please place the item you wish to return in the parcel the item was received in and hand it over to the delivery person assigned to carry out the pick-up.

If you want to arrange for the return of your item in an alternative manner, then please contact Customer Service. 

6.2 Please include the correct and complete item in the parcel, otherwise we  will not be able to process your return. We want to highlight that you can only return items purchased from  the Online Store. You cannot return/ include items purchased from our physical stores in the parcel. 

6.3 If you choose to make a return, we will refund you the order value except the cost of delivery. Furthermore, should you choose to keep certain items and only return parts of your order, the delivery cost will not be refunded.  

6.4 The refund will be made to the same payment method you used to place the order, within 30 days of us receiving the items back. If you have not received your refund within 30 days, please contact Customer Service and we will help you.

Read more about our Return/refund policy on hm.com

6.5 We will give you a full refund for any returned item provided that it is returned in the same condition as it was in upon your receipt. If an item in any way has been damaged, soiled, washed, altered or worn (other than to try the item on) and the value of the item has been reduced, in such cases we offer no refund. 

6.6 The right of withdrawal and return does not apply to products which are unsuitable for return, such as certain underwear, swimwear, piercing Jewellery, perfumes/fragrances, face masks, hair tools, hair accessories, beauty products/tools and cosmetics due to health protection or hygiene reasons.

6.7 For more information about returns, click here  hm.com

7. Defects
7.1 If there are defects in the goods you have purchased, H&M abides by all statutory regulations. If you have a complaint regarding obvious material or manufacturing faults in goods that we have supplied, including damage incurred in transit, please let us know by returning the goods to us by initiating the return process under the Returns section on hm.com 

7.2 If an item you have received is defective and you notice the defect within 15 days after your receipt of the item, you may choose to follow the instructions in section 6 (Returns). Please select the option “Defective/Broken Item” while placing a return request on the Online Store. 

8. Our liability
8.1 All reasonable efforts are made to ensure that information in our Online Store is accurate, complete, and current at the time of uploading on the Online Store. Despite our best efforts, information may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Hence, we do not guarantee the accuracy of the Information and to the extent permitted by applicable law, H&M disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, that content or information displayed in or on the Online Store is accurate, complete, up-to-date and/or does not infringe the rights of any third-party. 

8.2 We do our best to accurately display and describe the attributes of our products in the Online Store regarding measurements, composition and colours. 

However, the colour you may see depends on your device. Our measurements are only approximate values to better estimate the model or fit of that specific item. It is not a guarantee of the actual measurements of the item you receive since the final measurements may vary depending on the material used in its production. If you are not satisfied with the item you ordered, you may return the item. Please see section 6 (Returns).

8.3 What happens when things go really wrong? In case  an event beyond our control occurs, and which we are not able to reasonably overcome or anticipate, we will no longer have an obligation to fulfil our contract with you. Such an event might include government action or omission, new legislation, labour law conflict, war or danger of war, major disturbance of public order, sabotage, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, pandemic, epidemic, virus, and natural disasters. If any of these events occur, we are not obliged to compensate you for any damages. However, in such cases you may contact our Customer Service.

8.4 H&M accepts no liability for any losses or damages which are not reasonably foreseeable arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your use of the Online Store.

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless H&M and (as applicable) H&M's parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, third-parties and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, and employees, from any losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, claims or demand, or actions including reasonable attorneys' fees asserted against or incurred by H&M, made by any third party arising out of your breach or non-performance of the Terms, or your violation of any law, rules or regulations or the rights of a third party.

Nothing in these terms shall exclude or limit H&M's liability with regard to any matter for which it would be unlawful for us to limit or exclude our liability.

H&M accepts liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or that of our employees and agents. We do not seek to exclude liability for fraudulent misrepresentation by us or our employees or agents. If we breach these Terms, we shall only be liable for losses which are a reasonably foreseeable consequence of such breach.

H&M is not responsible for indirect losses which are a side effect of the main loss or damage, for example loss of profits or loss of opportunity; or for failure to deliver the goods or to meet any of our other obligations under these Terms where such failure is due to an event that is beyond our reasonable control, which includes but is not limited to fire, flood, storm, riot, civil disturbance, war, nuclear accident and terrorist activity.

Our maximum liability to you for any loss or damage arising in connection with your order on the Online Store  shall be limited to the total price of your order.

9. Complaints and dispute resolution
9.1 If you have a complaint regarding any of our products or services, please let us know by contacting Customer Service. Click the link: Customer Service

In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve a complaint with you directly, you have the right to refer the dispute to the Grievance Officer.

In compliance with the Consumer Protection (E- Commerce) Rules, 2020, the details of the Grievance Officer are as mentioned below:

Grievance Officer 

Name: Mr. Kapil Vig (Customer Service – India)

Email Id: grievanceofficer.in@hm.com 
Phone No: 011-66786895

Address: H&M Hennes & Mauritz Retail Private
Limited, A wing, 2nd Floor, D3, District Centre, Saket,
New Delhi 110017 India

Timings: Monday to Friday 09:00 AM – 06:00 PM

9.2 We adhere to all applicable laws including mandatory consumer protection legislation and we have no intention of excluding or restricting such rights you may have through these terms

10. Severance
Subject to applicable law, if any clause in these Terms is found to be unenforceable for any reason, this will not affect the enforceability of any other clause in these Terms.

11. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. 

Any dispute that arises out of or is related to the interpretation of these terms and conditions, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Indian courts in New Delhi, India.

12. Assignment
H&M reserves the right to assign or pledge to third parties any claim(s) for payment which may have arisen in connection with the delivery of goods. 

13. Communications
You hereby consent to receiving communications including news, delivery and return related updates, offers/ campaign related messages from us, to the email address and/or the mobile phone number provided by you. 

Further, by accessing and using the Online Store, you explicitly consent to receive such communications whether through call, SMS, email or through any other digital /electronic means from us and/or our authorized representatives. 

You can at any time unsubscribe/ opt-out from receiving marketing/ promotional communications and our newsletters by following the instructions set out in such communications (if any) or by contacting our customer care.

14. Intellectual Property
All trademarks, copyright and other intellectual property rights in all content including brand names and logos or software contained on the Online Store, including emails or any other form of communication with you is protected by copyright right laws and shall remain at all times vested in H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB and its subsidiaries or licensors.

You are permitted to use the content posted on our website only to the extent authorized by H&M. 

H&M may provide the functionality to allow you to provide product ratings and reviews (“User Content”) in relation to its products. 

In such a case, you are solely responsible for such User Content, and the customer warrants that any User Content posted by you is accurate and that you are the sole author. 

You hereby assigns to us all intellectual property rights in any User Content posted on the Online Store. H&M reserves the right to remove User Content which in its sole opinion is deemed to be incorrect, offensive, illegal or otherwise unacceptable.